What's going on today?
We're going to be answering a Google coding question, this is called Final Numbers Disappeared in an
area and I will leave all the links in the description below.
All right, let's get started.
So this could be asked by Google and this question I'm very familiar with.
I was asked this question during my Google coding interview, and this is a really interesting one.
So let's get started.
All right.
So instead of reading the confusing problem description, I would just explain to you guys in a much
simpler way so you all don't get confused.
Basically, what are you going to do is solve a function called find dispute numbers.
Our input is going to be an area of integers.
Some elements appear to eyes and other elements appear.
Ones are our objective is to find all the elements that do not appear in the given area.
So our solution must be in all of end runtime.
All right.
So let's just go through this example.
So our function is given an error of integers, as you can see up here, four, three, two, seven,
eight, two, three, one.
And the output should be five, six, because we're missing five, six in here.
So it should actually be one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
And you don't see the number five and six.
So that is what our function should return.
Let's have a look at another example.
So let me give you this.
Every one comma to.
Four and three, so we can see here that this is not in the correct order, so let me right the index
of each element below this area.
So there's going to be zero one, two and three.
So the index are pretty much similar to the given elements.
So let's think of it this way.
Every element of the area is just an index.
So what we can do is subtract one from the element to get the index.
Why?
We have to subtract one because if we get to number four.
Right, and try to do something at the fourth index, it would overflow because there is no fourth index,
so we just take every number and subtract one to make sure we have an index within the area.
OK, so let's take the first number, which is one and subtract one, which will give us the zero index.
So we will place that number there.
So right here.
OK, so let's take the second number, which is true, too, and subtract one, which will give us one
index so we can place that right here and let's take four, subtract one, which will give us three.
So zero one zero one, two, three.
So we replace that right here.
And let's subtract number three by one, which will give us two.
So zero one two.
And we're going to place it right here so you can see.
That every number can be thought of as an index.
Let's do a scenario where a number is missing and in this case we are missing three.
So it should be one, two, three, four.
So we can do this again.
Let's take the first number, which is one and subtract one, which will give us zero index.
So that will be right here.
And then two minus one, which will be one.
So we'll place that right here and then four minus one, which will be three.
So zero one, two, three.
So right here.
OK, so now we land on two, so since we already have done two, we don't have to make any changes because
it's already completed so we can tell what number is missing by the index that is not marked.
So the trick is to add one to the index that is not marked.
And in this case, the index is to.
So zero, one, two and one to which we're adding one, which will give us three so we can place that
right here and we found the missing number in this area.
OK, guys, so to take away from this example, our first take elements one by one from here.
And subtract one from each to find the index second, once we find the index that is not marked, which
was right here, we add one to it to get the number that was missing.
So I want you guys to remember that when we were writing or code.
And next, what we can do is in our code to mark the index that we have already visited.
We can accomplish that by making the number a negative.
So in our code, we're going to need two for loops.
And then the first loop, first for a loop.
We're going to start with each element and make it a negative.
So we take one and we minus one, which will give us zero.
So that's the first index we're going to make negative and we take two and minus one, which will give
us one.
And we're going to make that index a negative and then four minus one, which will give us three.
So we're going to make that a negative.
So zero one, two, three, make this a negative.
And once we land on negative two, that's where we're going to stop.
So now we can have another loop and we look through each element and see if it's marked.
And once we find the unmarked element, which is right here and this is not marked with a negative,
we can take its index.
And to get the missing number, we have to add one to the index.
So the index is zero one two and we have to add one to it, which will give us three.
So we're missing three.
OK, now let's write this in code.
So we're giving a function called Find Disappeared numbers and it takes an area called numbers.
And first, we're going to create the first loop to look through our area and take the elements one
by one and subtract one from each to find the index, which we're going to do here.
So we're going to look through it.
And then we need a reference to that index, so we create that reference right here and this is going
to be less than the element we are on.
So we're subtracting and then we have to take that index and make it a negative number.
So we take that index.
Right here and three times about negative, negative, want to make it a negative number.
And then we need our results, so we create a result of results right here.
Then we're going to look through this area that we updated.
So what are we up to right here?
We're just going to look through it again and then we're going to see any element as positive.
So there's less than zero.
I mean, sorry, if it's greater than zero, if it is positive, we will add one to it to get the index
and then we're going to add that to our results.
And finally, we just need to return the results.
And that's that's pretty much it.
So that is it for fine.
Disappeared numbers.
Once again, this is a Google coding question.
So if you guys see this question in your interview, I hope you feel prepared for it now.